Collections Dev Guide Update (#729)
confluentinc/cp-ansible: DEVELOPMENT_GUIDE.md

# Development Guide

> The following document will be a reference guide to coding standards of cp-ansible. It is written to be idempotent, meaning whatever you set in your inventory file, the playbooks and roles should provision on your hosts, and can be run multiple times without causing unnecessary changes on those hosts or restarts to those services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following document will be a reference guide to coding standards of cp-ansible. It is written to be idempotent, meaning whatever you set in your inventory file, the playbooks and roles should provision on your hosts, and can be run multiple times without causing unnecessary changes nor service restarts on those hosts.
```

## Custom Filters

> Ansible itself has a robust set of filters, but at times they do not fit cp-ansible’s needs. We have defined additional filters at `plugins/filter/filters.py`. In the below example we combine a custom filter `get_sasl_mechanisms` and one of the box ansible filters to set a variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible itself has a robust set of filters, but at times they do not fit cp-ansible’s needs. We have defined additional filters at `plugins/filter/filters.py`. In the below example we combine a custom filter `get_sasl_mechanisms` and one of the standard ansible filters to set a variable:
```

```
kafka_broker_sasl_enabled_mechanisms: "{{ kafka_broker_listeners | confluent.platform.get_sasl_mechanisms(sasl_protocol) | difference(['none']) | unique }}"
```

The `kafka_broker_sasl_enabled_mechanisms` variable is a list built out of all of the sasl mechanisms defined in the `kafka_broker_listeners` dictionary.

> Cp-ansible is written as an Ansible Collection. This means all custom filter invokations must use the Fully Qualified Filter Name, or simply put, must begin with `confluent.platform.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cp-ansible is written as an Ansible Collection. This means all custom filter invocations must use the Fully Qualified Filter Name, or simply put, must begin with `confluent.platform.`
```

## Custom Filters

Ansible itself has a robust set of filters, but at times they do not fit cp-ansible’s needs. We have defined additional filters at `plugins/filter/filters.py`. In the below example we combine a custom filter `get_sasl_mechanisms` and one of the standard ansible filters to set a variable:

```
kafka_broker_sasl_enabled_mechanisms: "{{ kafka_broker_listeners | confluent.platform.get_sasl_mechanisms(sasl_protocol) | difference(['none']) | unique }}"
```

The `kafka_broker_sasl_enabled_mechanisms` variable is a list built out of all of the sasl mechanisms defined in the `kafka_broker_listeners` dictionary.

> Cp-ansible is written as an Ansible Collection. This means all custom filter invocations must use the Fully Qualified Filter Name, or simply put, must begin with `confluent.platform.`

Author: ```suggestion
Cp-ansible is written as an Ansible Collection. This means all custom filter invocations must use the Fully Qualified Filter Name, or simply put, must be prefixed with `confluent.platform.`
```
